# 05-03-2022 UI Working Group weekly meeting 

## Attendees
- Amit Karnam
- Arpita Naval
- Gunjan Chhablani
- Padmaja Bhol
- Sanjay Singh Rajpoot
- Shloka Gupta
- Sukriti Sood
- Yash Kandalkar

## Agenda
- ~Go over the implementation done so far.~: Design is not out yet.
- Go over the content written so far and evaluate.
- Discuss FLINT-UI issues for new components/Ant Design.

## Discussion
- Sukriti shared an example of a new section on the community website.
    - Sukriti will create a PR to add the newly created section to the community website.
- Shift the Working Group document for UI
    - To community website.
    - Arpita to add About section for UI working group.
    - Sukriti to create an issue for the same and assign to Arpita.
- Sukriti to create a PR for sharing the example of new section on community website.
- Process of adding the document to community website:?
- For adding the meeting notes, we can direct to a new page entirely.
    - Look over RUST WG 
- Idea: In projects: community.moja.global/docs/about-moja-global
    - Add subsections inside the working groups.
    - Reconsider this idea once.
- Amit working on Mentorship document:
    - Follow the `Setting up the UI Group` document.
    - Lots of channels for LFX(Cloud)/GSoC/GSoD.
    - Content:
        - Need research for `What is the goal of this working group?`
        - Take help of mentorship repository.
        - Talk to Andrew about goals.
        - Check TSC document.
        - Expand on the points.
        - Talk about programs, how to onboard people, etc.
        - Instead of tools/technologies, add previous mentees.
- Sukriti took up Documentation WG:
    - Ask Harsh regarding documentation/devops WG and add it to the community website.
    - Open PR in `About_moja_global` for the content as well.
- Yash on FLINT-UI
    - Aim is to shift the old design to the new design. See [discussion](https://github.com/moja-global/FLINT-UI/discussions/154).
    - Current code in Tailwind CSS.
    - Task is to find all the small components, and recreate them in Ant Design.
    - After components are ready, we can start shifting the current project into this new design.

- Current Button is made using the new design.
- Grab new component, render it based on different properties.
- Rashmi probably working on the design part.
- By next week we should have most of the working groups on the website.
- Sukriti to work on adding issues for each working group.


## Check in on previous action items
- [x] Create issues for each working group.
    - [x] Begin writing content for the working groups.
    - [ ] Write everything except meeting groups and agenda.
    - [ ] Start with the following two:
        - [ ] Documentation
        - [ ] Dev-Ops
    - Refer [the Google doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1_7LffEtgvZKK5rj1ucfxzU1sX2ma8qVlW9AH_I3X1io/edit?usp=sharing) containing the initial draft.
    - Can reach out to Harsh regarding the working group info if needed.
- [ ] ~Ishita to work on designing RUST-like WG page on the community website.~ Rashmi probably working on the design part. We do not have to wait.


## New Action items
- [ ] Sukriti to create a PR for the working groups section on community website.
- [ ] Have the active working groups on the website.
    - [ ] Sukriti to add issues for each working group.
    - [ ] Focus on only the active working groups:
        - [ ] Documentation
        - [ ] UI
            - [ ] Arpita to add the UI working group (About) to community website.
- [ ] Sukriti to finish Documentation WG write-up.
- [ ] Amit to write content for the Mentorship working group.
- [ ] Yash and Sanjay to work on the components for FLINT-UI.