# 19-03-2022 UI Working Group weekly meeting 

## Attendees
- Ananyaa Shrivastava
- Gunjan Chhablani
- Ishita Choudhary
- Palak Sharma
- Shloka Gupta


## Agenda
- Closing TSC Notice board project
- ~Moving onto next project - FLINT-UI~

## Discussion
- Discuss GSoC projects
- Second project: Building UI library
    - A lot of components can be used in multiple places.
    - Build UI based on that.
    - Need to study the UI projects
        - FLINT-UI, Community Website, FLINT Reporting Tool, FLINT.json
    - Example: Header/Footer can be used as a component all across moja.global
    - After studying, can find common things for each project.
    - Work on FLINT-UI project.

- [Retrospective for TSC WG Notice Board](https://miro.com/welcomeonboard/cE94aUZCa1h0VVBMTTlVWndCNUJqVkk5NVZlUVAyakFuUVREekJncEUxOHA1Z29XdGxnMVhXcFQ5TlJoU2pJa3wzMDc0NDU3MzYwMTUwNjUwNjE1?invite_link_id=281030745573)

## Check in on previous action items
- [ ] ~Sukriti to merge TSC WG PR.~
- [x] Hold a closing note meeting for TSC WG noticeboard.
    - [x] Discuss the project, what all can be improved, etc.
- [ ] ~Start with RothC and Point from the next meeting.~

## New Action items
- [ ] A focus group. Get people familiar with Vue, AntDesign, and Storybook.
- [ ] Sukriti to merge TSC WG PR.